Adds openshift-monitoring platform faq (#30)
rhobs/handbook: content/Product/OpenshiftMonitoring/faq.md

> # Debugging the in-cluster monitoring stack

Reviewer: Let's be specific, what exactly we are debugging. There might be many in clusters stacks for monitoring.

Something like 
```suggestion
# Debugging the default Openshift 4.x in-cluster Monitoring: Platform Monitoring and User Workload Monitoring Products
```

## Overview

> This serves as a collection of resources that relate to FAQ around configuring/debugging the in-cluster monitoring stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This serves as a collection of resources that relate to FAQ around configuring/debugging the in-cluster monitoring stack. Particularly it applies to two Openshift Projects:

* Platform Cluster Monitoring (PM) (https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.1/monitoring/cluster_monitoring/about-cluster-monitoring.html) (??)
* User Workload Monitoring (link)
```

> ## Identify the cause of some common issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting when faces with potential symptoms:
```

### ServiceMonitor created but no metrics from the service

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Applicable versions: OpenShift 4.x etc...

```

Reviewer: The same ideally for other guides

Reviewer: Sure, but some problems & solution might be adequate to subset of versions. If all, for now, then fine

> The monitoring stack relies on the `ServiceMonitor` custom resource in order to tell Prometheus what endpoints to scrape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both PM and UWM rely on the `ServiceMonitor` custom resource in order to tell Prometheus what endpoints to scrape.
```

A detailed description of how the resources are linked exists [here](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/operator/troubleshooting/#troubleshooting-servicemonitor-changes), but we will walk through some common issues to debug the case of missing metrics.

1. Ensure the `serviceMonitorSelector` in the `Prometheus` CR matches the key in the `ServiceMonitor` labels.
2. The `Service` you want to scrape *must* have an explicitly named port.
3. The `ServiceMonitor` *must* reference the `port` by this name.

Assuming this criteria is met but the metrics don't exist, we can try debug the cause.

There is a possibility Prometheus has not loaded the configuration yet. The following metrics will help to determine if that is in fact the case or if there are errors in the configuration:

```bash
prometheus_config_last_reload_success_timestamp_seconds
prometheus_config_last_reload_successful
```

> If there are errors with reloading the config, it is likely invalid and examining the logs will highlight this.

Reviewer: `it is`... what exactly it means?

Assuming that the reload was a success then the Prometheus should see the configuration.

```bash
oc exec -n openshift-monitoring prometheus-k8s-0 -c prometheus -- curl http://localhost:9090/api/v1/status/config | grep "<service-monitor-name>"
```

> If the `ServiceMonitor` does not exist in the output, the next step would be to investigate the logs of both `prometheus` and the `prometheus-operator` for errors.

Reviewer: Which prometheus? there might be many (2 reps for PM and 2 reps for UWM at least)

Reviewer 2: now covered with a new note: ```The examples below show the namespace `openshift-monitoring`, which can be replaced with `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` when dealing with `UWM`.```

Reviewer: 👍🏽

# Debugging the default OpenShift 4.x in-cluster Monitoring: Platform Monitoring and User Workload Monitoring Products

## Overview

This serves as a collection of resources that relate to FAQ around configuring/debugging the in-cluster monitoring stack. Particularly it applies to two Openshift Projects:

* [Platform Cluster Monitoring](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/monitoring/understanding-the-monitoring-stack.html#understanding-the-monitoring-stack_understanding-the-monitoring-stack) (??)

> * User Workload Monitoring (link)

Reviewer 3: we could link to https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/monitoring/enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects.html
